>>> WELCOME BACK TO "MORNING
>>> WELCOME BACK TO "MORNING JOE."
JOE." IT IS 8:00 A.M. ON THE EAST
IT IS 8:00 A.M. ON THE EAST COAST, 5:00 A.M. ON THE EAST.
COAST, 5:00 A.M. ON THE EAST. LET’S BRING IN DEMOCRATIC
LET’S BRING IN DEMOCRATIC PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE, SENATOR
PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE, SENATOR ELIZABETH WARREN OF
ELIZABETH WARREN OF MASSACHUSETTS.
MASSACHUSETTS. I HAVE WILLARD WITH ME.
I HAVE WILLARD WITH ME. I WILL START THINGS OUT.
I WILL START THINGS OUT. YOU ARE ONE OF THE FEW
YOU ARE ONE OF THE FEW CANDIDATES WITH A SIGNIFICANT,
CANDIDATES WITH A SIGNIFICANT, CLEAR MESSAGE THAT YOU HAVE
CLEAR MESSAGE THAT YOU HAVE LIVED THROUGHOUT YOUR LIFE AND
LIVED THROUGHOUT YOUR LIFE AND YOU HAVE WORKED FOR THE SAME
YOU HAVE WORKED FOR THE SAME ISSUES, ON THE SAME ISSUES SINCE
ISSUES, ON THE SAME ISSUES SINCE YOU WERE IN COLLEGE AND GRADUATE
YOU WERE IN COLLEGE AND GRADUATE SCHOOL.
SCHOOL. I LOVE THAT.
I LOVE THAT. I WANT TO ASK OTHER ISSUES YOU
I WANT TO ASK OTHER ISSUES YOU WOULD CONFRONT AS PRESIDENT.
WOULD CONFRONT AS PRESIDENT. RAPID-FIRE.
RAPID-FIRE. JUST YOUR GUT.
JUST YOUR GUT. YOUR GUT ON THE CORE THINGS.
YOUR GUT ON THE CORE THINGS. AS A PARENT, HOW MUCH SYMPATHY
AS A PARENT, HOW MUCH SYMPATHY WOULD YOU HAVE IN THIS CHEATING
WOULD YOU HAVE IN THIS CHEATING SCANDAL?
SCANDAL? >> ZERO.
>> ZERO. >> OKAY.
>> OKAY. WOULD PRESIDENT WARREN GROUND
WOULD PRESIDENT WARREN GROUND THE BOEING 737?
THE BOEING 737? >> YES.
>> YES. >> BREXIT?
>> BREXIT? >> HAVING OUR CLOSE ALLY, GREAT
>> HAVING OUR CLOSE ALLY, GREAT BRITAIN IN ECONOMIC TURMOIL IS
BRITAIN IN ECONOMIC TURMOIL IS NOT HELPFUL TO US.
NOT HELPFUL TO US. WE NEED THEM TO BE STRONG.
WE NEED THEM TO BE STRONG. >> HOW WOULD PRESIDENT ELIZABETH
>> HOW WOULD PRESIDENT ELIZABETH WARREN NEUTRALIZE THE MISSILE
WARREN NEUTRALIZE THE MISSILE PROGRAMS WHEN THE LAST FOUR
PROGRAMS WHEN THE LAST FOUR PRESIDENTS HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO
PRESIDENTS HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO DO SO?
DO SO? >> IT’S A TOUGH ONE.
>> IT’S A TOUGH ONE. YOU HAVE TO START BY
YOU HAVE TO START BY ACKNOWLEDGING THAT.
ACKNOWLEDGING THAT. DON’T HEAD OFF TO A SUMMIT
DON’T HEAD OFF TO A SUMMIT WITHOUT DOING YOUR HOMEWORK.
WITHOUT DOING YOUR HOMEWORK. THE TOUGH PART HAS GOT TO BE
THE TOUGH PART HAS GOT TO BE SITTING DOWN WITH THE NORTH
SITTING DOWN WITH THE NORTH KOREANS.
KOREANS. IT’S THE PAIN STAKING WORK OF
IT’S THE PAIN STAKING WORK OF DIPLOMACY, WHAT THEY NEED, WHAT
DIPLOMACY, WHAT THEY NEED, WHAT WE CAN SUPPLY, HOW MANY ALLIES
WE CAN SUPPLY, HOW MANY ALLIES WE CAN BRING IN TO PUT PRESSURE
WE CAN BRING IN TO PUT PRESSURE ON NORTH KOREA.
ON NORTH KOREA. THE IDEA OF GIVING NORTH KOREA
THE IDEA OF GIVING NORTH KOREA WHAT THEY WANT, THE PHOTO-OP
WHAT THEY WANT, THE PHOTO-OP WITH THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
WITH THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES AND GET THE PRESIDENT OF
STATES AND GET THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES TO SAY WHAT
THE UNITED STATES TO SAY WHAT CHINA HAS ALWAYS WANTED THEM TO
CHINA HAS ALWAYS WANTED THEM TO SAY ABOUT HOW PROVOCATIVE IT IS
SAY ABOUT HOW PROVOCATIVE IT IS THAT WE ARE DOING MILITARY
THAT WE ARE DOING MILITARY EXERCISES WITH OUR ALLIES, THE
EXERCISES WITH OUR ALLIES, THE SOUTH KOREANS AND JAPANESE IS
SOUTH KOREANS AND JAPANESE IS GIVING THINGS UP WITHOUT GETTING
GIVING THINGS UP WITHOUT GETTING ANYTHING IN RETURN.
ANYTHING IN RETURN. I GUARANTEE THAT’S NOT A PATH TO
I GUARANTEE THAT’S NOT A PATH TO SUCCESS.
SUCCESS. >> IT DOESN’T APPEAR THERE WAS A
>> IT DOESN’T APPEAR THERE WAS A LOT OF ADVANCE WORK FOR THE
LOT OF ADVANCE WORK FOR THE SUMMITS.
SUMMITS. >> THAT’S THE PROBLEM.
>> THAT’S THE PROBLEM. YOU CAN’T WALK INTO THESE THINGS
YOU CAN’T WALK INTO THESE THINGS AND SOMEHOW THINK THAT A
AND SOMEHOW THINK THAT A PERSONALITY AND EYE-TO-EYE IS
PERSONALITY AND EYE-TO-EYE IS GOING TO TAKE CARE OF IT.
GOING TO TAKE CARE OF IT. IT’S HARD WORK.
IT’S HARD WORK. >> IS SAUDI ARABIA AND ALLY OF
>> IS SAUDI ARABIA AND ALLY OF THE UNITED STATES?
THE UNITED STATES? >> IT IS OFFICIALLY.
>> IT IS OFFICIALLY. IT IS AN ALLY WE HAVE TO KEEP
IT IS AN ALLY WE HAVE TO KEEP PUSHING ON THIS RELATIONSHIP.
PUSHING ON THIS RELATIONSHIP. RIGHT NOW, IT’S GAUGED IN A WAR
RIGHT NOW, IT’S GAUGED IN A WAR IN YEMEN THAT THE UNITED STATES
IN YEMEN THAT THE UNITED STATES HAS GOTTEN ITSELF DEEPLY
HAS GOTTEN ITSELF DEEPLY THREADED INTO WITHOUT ANY
THREADED INTO WITHOUT ANY AUTHORIZATION FROM CONGRESS.
AUTHORIZATION FROM CONGRESS. IN ADDITION, THE KILLING OF A
IN ADDITION, THE KILLING OF A JOURNALIST IS JUST A REMINDER
JOURNALIST IS JUST A REMINDER THAT SAUDI ARABIA IS A
THAT SAUDI ARABIA IS A GOVERNMENT RIGHT NOW THAT DOES
GOVERNMENT RIGHT NOW THAT DOES NOT BELIEVE IN ACCOUNTABILITY.
NOT BELIEVE IN ACCOUNTABILITY. THAT’S THE JOB OF A JOURNALIST,
THAT’S THE JOB OF A JOURNALIST, TO HOLD PEOPLE, HOLD OFFICIALS
TO HOLD PEOPLE, HOLD OFFICIALS ACCOUNTABLE.
ACCOUNTABLE. THEY WIPE ONE OUT AND, SO FAR,
THEY WIPE ONE OUT AND, SO FAR, THE RESPONSE OF THE TRUMP
THE RESPONSE OF THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION HAS BEEN NOTHING.
ADMINISTRATION HAS BEEN NOTHING. >> WHAT WOULD BE YOUR PUBLIC
>> WHAT WOULD BE YOUR PUBLIC POSITION ON SAUDI ARABIA RIGHT
POSITION ON SAUDI ARABIA RIGHT NOW?
NOW? WHAT WOULD YOU BE SAYING AND
WHAT WOULD YOU BE SAYING AND TELEGRAPHING?
TELEGRAPHING? >> SO, IT’S BOTH.
>> SO, IT’S BOTH. THE KILLING IS ABSOLUTELY
THE KILLING IS ABSOLUTELY UNACCEPTABLE.
UNACCEPTABLE. THERE NEEDS TO BE ACCOUNTABILITY
THERE NEEDS TO BE ACCOUNTABILITY IN THE GOVERNMENT FOR THAT.
IN THE GOVERNMENT FOR THAT. BUT IT WOULD ALSO BE TO SAY NO
BUT IT WOULD ALSO BE TO SAY NO ON YEMEN.
ON YEMEN. WE ARE NOT GOING TO SUPPLY ARMS.
WE ARE NOT GOING TO SUPPLY ARMS. WE ARE NOT GOING TO BE HELPFUL
WE ARE NOT GOING TO BE HELPFUL FOR A WAR IN YEMEN.
FOR A WAR IN YEMEN. YEMEN IS NOW ONE OF THE BIGGEST
YEMEN IS NOW ONE OF THE BIGGEST MANMADE HUMANITARIAN CRYISES OF
MANMADE HUMANITARIAN CRYISES OF THE LAST HALF CENTURY.
THE LAST HALF CENTURY. AND THE UNITED STATES PLAYS A
AND THE UNITED STATES PLAYS A ROLE IN THIS THROUGH ITS ALLY,
ROLE IN THIS THROUGH ITS ALLY, SAUDI ARABIA.
SAUDI ARABIA. FOR A LONG TIME, WE WERE
FOR A LONG TIME, WE WERE ACTUALLY PICKING BOMBING SIGHTS,
ACTUALLY PICKING BOMBING SIGHTS, EVEN.
EVEN. WE REFUELED AIRPLANES, SOLD
WE REFUELED AIRPLANES, SOLD WEAPONS, WORKING HAND IN GLOVE
WEAPONS, WORKING HAND IN GLOVE WITH THEM IN A WAR WE HAVE NO
WITH THEM IN A WAR WE HAVE NO BUSINESS BEING IN.
BUSINESS BEING IN. >> NAME ONE OR TWO PENTAGON
>> NAME ONE OR TWO PENTAGON PROGRAMS THAT COULD BE
PROGRAMS THAT COULD BE ELIMINATED?
ELIMINATED? >> INTERESTING.
>> INTERESTING. >> IT’S A TRICK.
>> IT’S A TRICK. >> IT IS.
>> IT IS. CAN I DESCRIBE QUHA WHAT THE
CAN I DESCRIBE QUHA WHAT THE RANGE IS?
RANGE IS? >> YEAH.
>> YEAH. >> WE HAVE TO STOP THE PENTAGON
>> WE HAVE TO STOP THE PENTAGON FROM BUILDING THE BEST POSSIBLE
FROM BUILDING THE BEST POSSIBLE 20th CENTURY MILITARY AND URGE
20th CENTURY MILITARY AND URGE THE PENTAGON OVER TO THE 21st
THE PENTAGON OVER TO THE 21st CENTURY MILITARY.
CENTURY MILITARY. HERE IS MY EXAMPLE OF THAT.
HERE IS MY EXAMPLE OF THAT. A LOT OF NEW TECH.
A LOT OF NEW TECH. A LOT OF NEW CYBER.
A LOT OF NEW CYBER. THE 21st CENTURY THREATS AND THE
THE 21st CENTURY THREATS AND THE 21st CENTURY RESPONSES ARE NOT
21st CENTURY RESPONSES ARE NOT PLACES WHERE A 20th CENTURY
PLACES WHERE A 20th CENTURY MILITARY HAS REAL STRENGTH.
MILITARY HAS REAL STRENGTH. IT’S MORE ABOUT CONVENTIONAL
IT’S MORE ABOUT CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS AND LARGE ARMIES AND SO
WEAPONS AND LARGE ARMIES AND SO ON AND THE ABILITY TO ENGAGE IN
ON AND THE ABILITY TO ENGAGE IN SHOOTING WARS AROUND THE WORLD.
SHOOTING WARS AROUND THE WORLD. THE PROBLEM KIND OF COHERENT
THE PROBLEM KIND OF COHERENT PROBLEM AT THE PENTAGON IS THAT
PROBLEM AT THE PENTAGON IS THAT THERE’S ALWAYS SOMEBODY IN THE
THERE’S ALWAYS SOMEBODY IN THE ROOM TO DEFEND AN EXISTING
ROOM TO DEFEND AN EXISTING PROGRAM, NO MATTER HOW OLD IT
PROGRAM, NO MATTER HOW OLD IT IS, NO MATTER HOW MUCH
IS, NO MATTER HOW MUCH CIRCUMSTANCES HAVE CHANGED.
CIRCUMSTANCES HAVE CHANGED. SOMEBODY IS AT THE HEAD OF THAT
SOMEBODY IS AT THE HEAD OF THAT PROGRAM.
PROGRAM. SOMEBODY HANDS OUT THE DOLLARS
SOMEBODY HANDS OUT THE DOLLARS TO THE DEFENSE INDUSTRY THAT
TO THE DEFENSE INDUSTRY THAT PROMOTES THAT PRAB.
PROMOTES THAT PRAB. THERE’S RARELY SOMEBODY IN THE
THERE’S RARELY SOMEBODY IN THE ROOM FOR THE NEXT IDEA, FOR THE
ROOM FOR THE NEXT IDEA, FOR THE PLACE WE NEED TO BE.
PLACE WE NEED TO BE. YET, TO HAVE AN EFFECTIVE
YET, TO HAVE AN EFFECTIVE MILITARY, WE HAVE TO BE ON THE
MILITARY, WE HAVE TO BE ON THE FRONT EDGE, NOT THE BACK EDGE OF
FRONT EDGE, NOT THE BACK EDGE OF DEVELOPMENT.
DEVELOPMENT. I TELL YOU WHERE I WOULD SPEND A
I TELL YOU WHERE I WOULD SPEND A LOT MORE MONEY, IT’S A SMALL
LOT MORE MONEY, IT’S A SMALL PART OF THE PENTAGON BUDGET, ON
PART OF THE PENTAGON BUDGET, ON RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, CYBER.
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, CYBER. THAT’S THE PLACE WE HAVE TO GET
THAT’S THE PLACE WE HAVE TO GET THE PENTAGON MORE FOCUSED IN
THE PENTAGON MORE FOCUSED IN THAT DIRECTION.
THAT DIRECTION. >> BACK TO RAPID-FIRE.
>> BACK TO RAPID-FIRE. >> SURE.
>> SURE. >> WHAT HAS DONALD TRUMP DONE
>> WHAT HAS DONALD TRUMP DONE THAT COULD BE CONSIDERED
THAT COULD BE CONSIDERED IMPEACHABLE?
IMPEACHABLE? >> OH, COME ON NOW.
>> OH, COME ON NOW. NO, HERE IS MY RULE ON THIS ONE.
NO, HERE IS MY RULE ON THIS ONE. >> OKAY.
>> OKAY. >> WE ARE ABOUT TO GET THE
>> WE ARE ABOUT TO GET THE MUELLER REPORT.
MUELLER REPORT. WE HAVE A LOT OF OTHER
WE HAVE A LOT OF OTHER INFORMATION.
INFORMATION. LET’S WAIT UNTIL WE HAVE THE
LET’S WAIT UNTIL WE HAVE THE MUELLER REPORT, COMBINE IT WITH
MUELLER REPORT, COMBINE IT WITH EVERYTHING ELSE WE HAVE SEEN.
EVERYTHING ELSE WE HAVE SEEN. >> YOU AGREE WITH NANCY PELOSI’S
>> YOU AGREE WITH NANCY PELOSI’S APPROACH ON THIS?
APPROACH ON THIS? >> I’M NOT SURE WHERE NANCY IS.
>> I’M NOT SURE WHERE NANCY IS. >> HE’S NOT WORTH IT AT THAT
>> HE’S NOT WORTH IT AT THAT POINT.
POINT. >> THAT’S NOT THE POINT.
>> THAT’S NOT THE POINT. WHAT I SEE IS THE MUELLER REPORT
WHAT I SEE IS THE MUELLER REPORT IS COMING.
IS COMING. LET’S ALL TAKE A LOOK AT THE
LET’S ALL TAKE A LOOK AT THE MUELLER REPORT.
MUELLER REPORT. WHEN IT COMES, WE WILL KNOW
WHEN IT COMES, WE WILL KNOW EXACTLY WHAT TO DO.
EXACTLY WHAT TO DO. >> WHAT WAS WRONG, IF ANYTHING,
>> WHAT WAS WRONG, IF ANYTHING, WITH THE STATEMENTS
WITH THE STATEMENTS REPRESENTATIVE OMAR MADE ABOUT
REPRESENTATIVE OMAR MADE ABOUT ISRAEL?
ISRAEL? >> THE WAY I SEE IT IS THAT WE
>> THE WAY I SEE IT IS THAT WE SHOULD -- WE ARE A GREAT BODY IN
SHOULD -- WE ARE A GREAT BODY IN CONGRESS.
CONGRESS. IT IS IMPORTANT FOR US TO BE
IT IS IMPORTANT FOR US TO BE ABLE TO DEBATE ISSUES, TO DO SO
ABLE TO DEBATE ISSUES, TO DO SO RESPECTFULLY ANTI-SEMITISM OR
RESPECTFULLY ANTI-SEMITISM OR ISLAM PHOBIA SHOULD BE CALLED
ISLAM PHOBIA SHOULD BE CALLED OUT AND CONDEMNED.
OUT AND CONDEMNED. WHEN SHE IS DOING THAT, THEN
WHEN SHE IS DOING THAT, THEN THAT’S A PROBLEM.
THAT’S A PROBLEM. HERE’S THE PART I REALLY WANT TO
HERE’S THE PART I REALLY WANT TO MAKE STRONG, WE HAVE TO BE A
MAKE STRONG, WE HAVE TO BE A PLACE THAT CAN HAVE ROBUST
PLACE THAT CAN HAVE ROBUST DISCUSSION.
DISCUSSION. NOT ANY SEMITISM, NOT
NOT ANY SEMITISM, NOT ISLAMPHOBIA, BUT ROBUST
ISLAMPHOBIA, BUT ROBUST DISCUSSION.
DISCUSSION. THAT’S WHAT WE NEED TO HAVE.
THAT’S WHAT WE NEED TO HAVE. >> WHAT IS IT ABOUT BERNIE
>> WHAT IS IT ABOUT BERNIE SANDERS THAT MAKES HIM SO
SANDERS THAT MAKES HIM SO POPULAR WITH PROGRESSIVES?
POPULAR WITH PROGRESSIVES? >> HE FIGHTS FOR WHAT HE
>> HE FIGHTS FOR WHAT HE BELIEVES IN.
BELIEVES IN. WE HAVE BEEN FRIENDS --
WE HAVE BEEN FRIENDS -- >> HE IS AT THE TOP OF THE LIST
>> HE IS AT THE TOP OF THE LIST WITH POLLS EXCEPT FOR BIDEN, IF
WITH POLLS EXCEPT FOR BIDEN, IF HE RUNS.
HE RUNS. >> THAT’S RIGTSHT.
>> THAT’S RIGTSHT. I HAVE BEEN FRIENDS WITH BERNIE
I HAVE BEEN FRIENDS WITH BERNIE LONG, LONG BEFORE I ENDED UP IN
LONG, LONG BEFORE I ENDED UP IN POLITICS.
POLITICS. HE IS FIGHTING FOR WHAT HE
HE IS FIGHTING FOR WHAT HE BELIEVES IN.
BELIEVES IN. THAT MEANS A LOT TO PEOPLE.
THAT MEANS A LOT TO PEOPLE. >> TWO MORE.
>> TWO MORE. IS MIKE PENCE AN HONORABLE MAN?
IS MIKE PENCE AN HONORABLE MAN? >> NO.
>> NO. >> OKAY.
>> OKAY. WOULD YOU LIKE TO EXPOUND UPON
WOULD YOU LIKE TO EXPOUND UPON THAT?
THAT? >> SURE.
>> SURE. ANYONE WHO ENGAGES IN THE KIND
ANYONE WHO ENGAGES IN THE KIND OF HOMO PHOBIA AND ATTACKS ON
OF HOMO PHOBIA AND ATTACKS ON PEOPLE WHO ARE DIFFERENT FROM
PEOPLE WHO ARE DIFFERENT FROM HIMSELF IS NOT AN HONORABLE
HIMSELF IS NOT AN HONORABLE PERSON.
PERSON. THAT’S NOT WHAT HONORABLE PEOPLE
THAT’S NOT WHAT HONORABLE PEOPLE DO.
DO. >> SHOULD BILL CLINTON HAVE LEFT
>> SHOULD BILL CLINTON HAVE LEFT OFFICE AFTER HAVING AN AFFAIR
OFFICE AFTER HAVING AN AFFAIR WITH A MUCH YOUNGER STAFFER IN
WITH A MUCH YOUNGER STAFFER IN THE WHITE HOUSE?
THE WHITE HOUSE? >> I DON’T KNOW.
>> I DON’T KNOW. I CAN’T GO BACK AND LITIGATE THE
I CAN’T GO BACK AND LITIGATE THE 1990s.
1990s. THAT ONE IS BEYOND --
THAT ONE IS BEYOND -- >> THE 1990s GET US HERE, TO AN
>> THE 1990s GET US HERE, TO AN EXTENT?
EXTENT? >> OF COURSE IT DID, BUT I DON’T
>> OF COURSE IT DID, BUT I DON’T HAVE A TIME MACHINE TO GO BACK